{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11980\viewh11560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Questions\
\
\
Front-end question / backend question\
1. From the dropdown below, choose the one that best describes you. \
\
1 - I am an early adopter. I often purchase new gadgets and keep up with technology trends. \
2 - I love design. I often can obsess over the way a website looks and if it doesn\'92t look good, I close the page.\
3 - I love function. I appreciate software or hardware that has been well-tested and just works as it should. \
\
2. Which type of company or industry would you rather work for?\
\
1 - Startup or smaller company. I\'92d like to work with a team of developers creating web applications for companies such as Salesforce,  Shopify or Basecamp.\
2 - Creative agency. I\'92d prefer to work somewhere like Wieden+Kennedy, making and maintaining web applications for multiple clients in industries like sportswear, marketing, or eCommerce.  \
3 - Financial services, healthcare or government. I\'92d like to work for a bank, insurer or agency writing server side code on trading systems or databases.\
\
3. What do you value more?\
1 - Flexibility.\
2 - Creativity. \
3 - Performance.\
\
4. Choose from the options on what best describes your interests. \
\
1 - I like the open source model and open collaboration.\
2 - I like UI/UX and how customers or users interact with what I create. \
3 - I like big data and the growing data science field appeals to me. \
\
\
5. Which phone do you own or would you purchase?\
\
1 - Google Pixel\
2 - iPhone \
3 - Samsung Galaxy  \
\
Comments:\
I really enjoyed this exercise as it added to my understanding of the previous day\'92s work and trying to figure out the exact same problem! Since my partner and I debugged for hours yesterday and finally came to understand calling functions and writing jQuery better, this felt good. Still a little unsure about jQuery/Javascript syntax overall. I spent the second half of day trying to polish my project using Bootstrap as I\'92m still a little unsure of CSS and how to make things not look ugly. Also at the end of the day, I just realized that while my quiz functions, I need to add a removeClass somewhere and tried a few things though didn\'92t get it to work yet. }